feat(ai-monitoring) Add docs for Huggingface Hub (#9902)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/anthropic/index.mdx

Verify that the integration works by creating an AI pipeline. The resulting data should show up in your AI monitoring dashboard.

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.ai.monitoring import ai_track
from anthropic import Anthropic

sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

client = Anthropic(api_key="(your Anthropic API key)")

@ai_track("My AI pipeline")
def my_pipeline():
    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(op="ai-inference", name="The result of the AI inference"):
        print(
            client.messages.create(
                max_tokens=42,
                model="some-model",
                messages=[{"role": "system", "content": "Hello, Anthropic!"}]
            )
        )
```

After running this script, a pipeline will be created in the [AI Monitoring](/product/ai-monitoring) section of the Sentry dashboard.

The pipeline will have an associated Anthropic span for the `messages.create` operation.

It may take a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).

## Behavior

- The supported modules are currently `chat.messages.create` with `stream=True` and `stream=False`.

- All exceptions leading to an `AnthropicError` are reported.

> - Sentry considers LLM and tokenizer inputs/outputs as PII and, by default, does not include PII data. If you want include the data, then set `send_default_pii=True` in the `sentry_sdk.init()` call. To explicitly exclude prompts and outputs despite `send_default_pii=True`, configure the integration with `include_prompts=False` as shown in the [Options section](#options) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sentry considers LLM and tokenizer inputs/outputs as PII and doesn't include PII data by default. If you want to include the data, set `send_default_pii=True` in the `sentry_sdk.init()` call. To explicitly exclude prompts and outputs despite `send_default_pii=True`, configure the integration with `include_prompts=False` as shown in the [Options section](#options) below.
```
